How to expose your services (web sites, IoT devices etc) which are hosted on you local network,
so that they become accessible via the internet under a fixed domain name, 
at no cost !

This tutorial is suited for anyone who is experimenting and testing with own services, before their exposure for commercial use.
It is also useful for anyone who wishes to make his local machine or IoT device in general 
publically accessible from anywhere. Such devices or hosts are usually hidden behind a NAT and have private IP addresses.

General assumptions:

1. Your local machine is NATed ( networked behind a gateway/firewall, and it has private IP address of type 192.168.x.x )
2. You are not happy to pay the costs for a domain name registration.
3. You are not willing to spend money for renting a Server Hardware or a Virtual Private Server.
4. There is available hardware in your local network, capable of running your services that is to expose.


The ingredients:

1. ngrok service. A tunneling service used for exposing your local service to the public, forwarded as endpoint urls.
   A major limitation of the free of charge service by ngrok is the duration of time that is given to a tunnel to stay alive.
   Currently this has been set to 2 hours, after which, tunnel re-initiation is required, which the service is tunneled with a new endpoing.
   This limitation can be altered by registering to the service for free plan, and initialization of the status before starting the tunnel.
   This is done by issuing the command:  ./ngrok authtoken <TOKEN STRING HERE>, before issuing ./ngrok http <PORT> to start a new tunnel.
   Using the token has though another limitation of allowing only one tunnel to exist at any given time, for the free service.
   The 2 hours limitation can work out ok for many cases, but the algorithm can be also modified towards high robustness. 
   
   Also ngrok does not provide an API for the users to control their tunneled services progamatically.
2. dynu service. A DNS service which provides subdomain names of your choice free of charge.
3. Apache http server, running in your local device. This is the main service you are interested in making public.


Steps.

1. Download and install ngrok in your local device from https://ngrok.com/
